doc: Update migration docs post TTN V2 shutdown (#676)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/getting-started/migrating/migrating-from-v2/migrate-using-migration-tool/establish-new-session.md

{{< tabs/tab "ABP" >}}

> For ABP device, you need to completely delete it from V2, especially because this section assumes that you have not re-programmed it for a new **DevAddr**. Having this device registered in V2 and The Things Stack would introduce some serious conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ABP devices must be completely deleted from V2, especially if you have not re-programmed them with a new **DevAddr**. Having this device registered in V2 and {{% tts %}} will cause a race condition and communication issues.
```
